Fix: Providing documentation for various cores how to manually integrate ArduinoCore-API. (#165)
arduino/ArduinoCore-API: README.md

```
tar --exclude='*.git*' -cjhvf $yourcore-$version.tar.bz2 $yourcore/
```

> Documentation how integrate with a Arduino core (which is necessary if you do not download the Arduino core via the board manager) can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for how to integrate with a Arduino core (which is necessary if you do not download the Arduino core via the Boards Manager) can be found here:
```

- Minor grammar fix
- Correct name of "Boards Manager"
